course_id, String, primary_key=True
term, String, primary_key=True
call_number, Integer, I am a valid description
course_name, String, I am a valid description
bulletin_flags, String, I am a valid description
division_code, String, I am a valid description
credit_amount, Integer, I am a valid description
prefix_name, String, I am a valid description
prefix_long_name, String, I am a valid description
instructor_name, String, I am a valid description
approval, String, I am a valid description
school_code, String, I am a valid description
school_name, String, I am a valid description
campus_code, String, I am a valid description
campus_name, String, I am a valid description
type_code, String, I am a valid description
type_name, String, I am a valid description
num_enrolled, Integer, I am a valid description
max_size, Integer, I am a valid description
min_units, Integer, I am a valid description
num_fixed_units, Integer, I am a valid description
class_notes, String, I am a valid description
meeting_times, String, I am a valid description